Adventurous Boy [Fantasy Zone Clone]
Mao Xian Xiao Zi (China) (Unl)
1996/12/24

Adventurous Boy: Mao Xian Xiao Zi is an unlicensed Fantasy Zone clone, 
though features completely original graphics and sound. 
The release date of this game is currently unknown 
(the game itself does not say it and no package pictures have been found).

Adventurous Boy: Mao Xian Xiao Zi
Publisher: Gamtec
Developer: Gamtec
System(s): Sega Mega Drive
Sound driver: Modified Shikinjoh sound driver (SunSoft)
Genre: Shoot-'em-Up
Number of players: 1

Production credits

    Director: Ye Min Horng
    Plan Story: Janet Lin, Amanda Jen
    Programmer: Janet Lin
    Graphic: Amanda Jen
    Music: Hanmin Lu
    Sound: Janet Lin
    Thanks To: Jen Shih, Candy Tsai


Gameplay
In the game, the player's ship is placed in a level with a number of bases to destroy. 
When all the bases are gone, the stage boss appears, who must be defeated in order to 
move on to the next stage. There are eight stages, and in all of them, except the final 
one, the scroll is not fixed; the player can move either left or right, although the 
stage loops. The final level consists of a rematch against all of the previous bosses 
in succession before facing the final boss.

Opa-Opa uses two different attacks: the standard weapon (initially bullets) and bombs. 
He can also move down to land on the ground by sprouting feet and walking around until 
he flies again.

It is possible to upgrade Opa-Opa's weapons, bombs and flying engine to increase speed, 
as well as get extra lives. Before that, the player must get money by defeating enemies, 
bases or bosses, and access a shop by touching a marked balloon. Each time a new item is 
bought, they become more expensive. When the player chooses to exit or the time runs up, 
another screen appears, in which he or she can select what upgrades Opa-Opa can use; only 
one engine, weapon and bomb can be equipped at a time.

Some of the new weapons have a time limit that starts as soon as the shop is left. Some 
of the bombs can be used at any moment, are limited in quantity. Engine upgrades are 
permanent The powerups can also be reassigned by reentering the shop or touch a balloon 
with the word "Select" written on it. If the player loses a life, all of the upgrades 
are lost. 