ASCII WAR
Copyright 2015 ComradeOj.

This game is not for commercial sale, and may only be distributed if it's done without charge.

Contact: ComradeOj@Yahoo.com, 
http://www.sega-16.com/forum/member.php?138488-ComradeOj



ASCII WAR - A simple 2 player homebrew Genesis game

    A month or so ago I decided to start working on a simple 2 player combat game. Now it's pretty much finished. It could still use some polish though!
    I decided to just have fun with it, and get kind of creative. What's the point in making a Genesis game if you can't have fun while you're doing it?

    The plot:
    An evil warlord lives in a dimension where everything is made up of ASCII art. He sent out a scout, to look for new lands to conquer. 
    A resistance group also sent out a scout of their own, and they meet in out dimension to fight. The ships don't shoot bullets, but strings of text. 
    It's dumb, but I thought it was just goofy enough to work. The concept almost reminds me of the Mooninites from ATHF.

    About the game:
    The music is all from miscellaneous sources. It's all played back using my simple VGM driver. The background graphics are all various photos I had 
    taken in the past, and the images of my desk and cat were taken specifically for the game. The digitized still image backgrounds look pretty ugly, 
    so I might try experimenting with using 2 backgrounds layers, that way I can get twice the colors. The game was programmed in 68k assembly, and 
    consists of about 2000 lines of code.

    I have not idea if this game is fun or not. I sure had fun making it though. I'm afraid that gameplay will just devolve into flying as fast as you 
    can while spamming the fire button. It could easily be polished up, and re-skinned into a different game in the future though. I bet this game could 
    be transformed into a fun 2 player top down naval combat game with torpedoes, mines, and map obstacles. As it is, it plays kind of like a 2 player 
    VS. game of asteroids.

    If someone is able to get a friend to play this with them, I would love to know how it worked out. I wasn't able to find someone to play it with me,
     so I haven't really "played" this game. I'm open to critique.

    Controls:
    The D pad moves you around, and the 'A' button shoots. 'B' locks your movement vertically, and 'C' locks your movement horizontally. I'm hoping that 
    the axis locking will add a little bit of depth to the combat.

    ROM Download link:
    https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B-uZnRwZEI1YYkNJWkJEbHEtSmM/view?usp=sharing
    Source code is included with the ROM download.
    Seasoned programmers will cringe when they open up those .ASMs, but I still like to include source code for everything I make, even if it shows a lot 
    of improper coding that would otherwise be unknown to everyone.

    Gameplay video:
    I was playing both side by myself, so that's why there is so much aimless wandering around the screen and missed shots.
    https://youtu.be/_bWWyrh1O0c