Chase (v1.0b)
Jack Nolddor
2014
A port of NES game.

Introduction
This game has been designed for use it with a Sega Genesis / Mega Drive videogame systems, or
with an emulator for those videogame systems. To play this game on a console, you need an
FlashCard (for example Mega Everdrive)
This game is not produced by or under license from Sega Enterprises LTD. This is a free game, and
distributed "just like that", without any kind of warranty, either express or implied

Story
Chase, that's how our protagonist is called, has heard rumors about a strange treasure hidden in the
highest tower of the castle Belafort, an abandoned and inhabited place outside their village where
live the most dark and gloomy beasts from so long ago that neither remembers.
The Belafort castle originally, was owned by a famous thief who spent his last days of life to build
mazes in each and every one of the ten floors that had the highest tower of the castle, in order to
keep their wealth safe once he died.
Will you be able to help Chase on his adventure?
Escape from the beasts that protect the castle and back safely with the TREASURE!

Enemies
Vampy, Franky and Bandy will try to prevent that you steal gold coins that make up the buried
treasure.
Go carefully! because although Chase is much faster, they know the labyrinths of the tower as the
palm of your hand, and probably end up trapping you at the crossroads between two aisles or
cornering you on both sides.


How to Play
Help Chase to collect all the coins scattered in every labyrinth of the tower in order to climb to the
next floor, if you can reach the floor number ten and collect all the coins in it, you뭠l have escaped
safe from the castle with the legendary loot.
Be careful not to be catched, if any of the beasts that protect the treasure hits you lose one of your
three lives, if you los all of them your mission will have failed.

Controls
[Start Button] - Press this button during gameplay in order to stop or resume play.
[D-pad] - Use this button for moving Chase through the mazes of the four possible directions

Technical Data
 Programming: Jack Nolddor
 Conversion and levels design : Jack Nolddor
 Conversion and graphics desing: Jack Nolddor
 Sounds conversion and Music / SFX: Davidian aka David el Murciano
 English translation: Christian Navarro aka Draubon
Chase is a game originally created by Shiru for NES.
Vampy and Franky are characters created by The Mojon Twins, and have been used in this game under their 
express consent