Racer [SMD] v1.2
Name: Racer;
Platform: SMD;
Genre: puzzle;
Developer: TOF Studio;
Language: English;
Released: 2013;
Number of players: 1.

In far 2007, I got a fairly simple engine - GINCS v0.52. This engine allowed for the account of 
a dozen script commands to create games of the genre of adventure (Visual Novel) on a 16-bit Sega 
Mega Drive game console. At that time, few people were engaged in developing games on SMD, so this 
thing was more than in demand.

The engine is so simple that it can be attributed to the class of game designers, but already then 
it was abandoned by its author (Haroldo de Oliveira Pinheiro). I made a review of GINCS in the emu-log 
"TOF # 8". But before making a review, I had to try it out - for knowledge of the topic. I made a 
series of sketches, among which the game "Racer" arose. This is a very unpretentious game, the gameplay
 I've seen in the rather interesting quest "Safecracker" for PC. Actually, in that game on the second 
 floor of the mansion there was a slot machine with a mini-game on 1 level. This is a logical puzzle 
 for memory and ingenuity. It seemed to me that it would be enough just to shift its gameplay to the 
 possibilities of GINCS. Which I did. By the way, from the same game I transferred a puzzle with a 
 ball to the engine «Battle City», making a mod-hack « Marble City ».

However, at that time, there was little time (it is not even now, to be honest), but the project did
 not attract, as it was initially seen as quite strange and unpromising. Yes, and writing music in 
 the program MVSTracker MD seemed to me a very difficult task. Not only that I was not particularly 
 fond of tracker music (in terms of its creation), so this format seemed to me very primitive. 
 MVS does not really reflect the audio capabilities of the YM2612 chip. In general, the project 
 was postponed.

Several months passed, I made several more demos of this engine, and forgot about it, because 
I did not really need it. My knowledge in developing games for this platform has expanded. But 
I did not actively create games at that time. As for SMD, for it I made hundreds of mod-hacks 
and translations into Russian, most of which came out on the cartridges. If there was a goal, 
then there would be a game, but the sponsors then paid only for translations and modifications.

Time passed. And recently on the forum I was again asked about GINCS. To help the interested 
person, I opened old files in order to remember the topic. And I discovered a miraculously 
preserved folder with the game "Racer". Why not, I thought, and decided to finish it to 
release it to the heap. Personally, even now, when new games are often played on retro 
platforms, I am delighted to meet every handicraft.

I finished the levels, scanned the graphics from the game "Safecracker", processed it and 
inserted it. I had to torment myself with the music - to make a few tunes in the MVS format
 to me and now it was hard. But I managed, as if everything was not buggy.

In "Safecracker" there was only one level, and in "Racer" I made them 8 pieces. 
And between the levels inserted a screensaver with screenshots of unpopular SMD-games,
 representing the genre of "race". I thought that it would be interesting for the player 
 to test himself for the memory and knowledge of the games of this platform, remembering 
 the name of each. A useful addition, so to speak. In any case, so as not to be 
 particularly boring.


The essence of the gameplay is that the player presented a car traveling along the road. 
The road is symbolized by the green line. And at each turn the player needs to choose 
one of two options, where to turn the steering wheel relative to the driver: to the 
right or to the left. The game is complicated by the fact that the player needs to 
mentally represent the position of the car and at what turn it is now. 
After passing several turns the car reaches the finish line, after which it moves 
to the next more difficult level. From level to level, only the number of turns 
is added; changes route.

Immediately I say that the speed of the engine (and the platform itself) is quite 
slow, so when building large images, artifacts arise temporarily. But this fact 
should not especially upset you. If you like board games, logic puzzles for memory, 
then you will be interested to pass this game at least once. In general, rock the 
toy, play it, leave your opinions.


Control:
Down / Up - move to the selection menu;
A / B / C - execution of the selected action.

The game was recorded on a flash cartridge and tested on the original hardware - 
it works fine. In September 2014, it was published on cartridges - a circulation of 10 copies. 