         - RICK DANGEROUS MD -

15th February 2011

The adventure starts here ...

Will Rick Dangerous, intrepid Super Hero and part-time stamp
collector, survive his first mission in the Aztec temple of the tribe?
Should he do so, Rick will face new hazards in the Egyptian tomb and
the enemy fortress.


Rick is equipped with

THE DYNAMITE
This may be laid in order to trigger traps, blow away walls, enemies
and generally do some damage, to allow our hero to continue his quest.
This also has the added feature of being VERY DANGEROUS when lit, so
our hero must get away from it as quickly as possible before it detonates!

THE BIG STICK
may be used to
JAB!!

THE GUN
... this fires bullets!
There will be a limit to the number of bullets that this holds. By
killing a nastie a bonus may be left behind which when collected will
replenish the supply. This means the player may have to go back and
put himself yet again in danger. Use your ammunition wisely. Remember
the gun is often a trigger to activate a trap, rather than to just
kill the enemy.

TRAPS
In avoiding traps be resourceful like Rick. The traps are devious. You
may need your stick, gun, dynamite or simply your wits to survive,
depending on the nature of the trap. There are no instructions as to
how each trap is triggered or avoided so be careful - think ahead,
things are not always what they seem ...



Joypad Controls

Without B Button Depressed

Pushing the Joystick left and right causes Rick to walk left and right
Pushing the Joypad up causes Rick to jump in the air
Pushing the Joypad up and to the left or right causes Rick to jump
  in that direction.
Pulling the Joypad down causes Rick to duck down
Pulling the Joypad down and to the left or right causes Rick to
  crawl along the ground in that direction.

With B Button Depressed

Pushing the Joypad left or right causes Rick to use the short stick,
  used for pushing buttons or stunning Rick's enemies.
Pushing the Joypad up causes Rick to fire his gun in the direction
  he is facing.
Pulling the Joypad down causes Rick to light and drop a stick of
  dynamite.

 WITHOUT B BUTTON DEPRESSED            WITH B BUTTON DEPRESSED
            climb
            /jump                             shoot
  jump up    up     jump up                    gun
     left \   |   / right                       |
            \ | /                               |
walk left - - + - - walk right     jab with - - + - - jab with
            / | \                     stick     |     stick
    crawl /   |   \                             |
     left   climb   crawl                      lay
            down/   right                   dynamite
            duck

ABOUT MEGADRIVE/GENESIS PORT:

The megadrive/genesis port is a straight port from the Atari ST version and
has been coded from scratch in 100% assembly (It's not a port of xrick).
This has been a combined effort of Foxy and me (Pascal).

The sound sucks because they're all samples (even the title music :s).
That's why the binary is so huge, but we're working on FM music 
(thanks to Tiido) for the final version.

The game has been tested on the real hardware.

CREDITS:

Reverse engineering: Foxy (www.foxysofts.com)
Megadrive reprogramming: Pascal (www.spoutnickteam.com)
Z80 DAC samples engine: Stef (http://stefda.spaces.live.com/blog)

Special thanks to Fonzie,Fr4nz,Kaneda,Tiido,Tommy,Steve Snake,Paul Lee,
Gouky and all the md scene.

Original Game:
Game Copyright (c) CORE DESIGN LTD
Manual copyright (c) Microprose Software 1989
