Squirrel King [Chip´n Dale]
Squirrel King (China) (Unl)

by Gamtec
1996

One or two-player game mode where the characters play cooperatively. 
In this game, the player can throw boxes, hide in them and throw fireballs.
 
The player starts off with 5 hearts for health, and they can collect 
med-kits which restore one heart and acorns which restore health completely. 
They also have a limited amount of gloves which throw a fireball at the enemies. 
They start with three of these and extra ones can be collected by finding more 
gloves inside boxes. The player starts with 4 lives and 5 continues. 

100 diamonds are required to get an extra life in single player, 
while only 50 are needed in cooperative play. 

The game is split into 7 acts in total,  All 7 acts have a boss at the end. 
Most are unnamed, although the final boss is identified in the final act as Barnett, 
who is a hat-wearing elephant which jumps around on a lift. Like Chip 'n Dale, all 
of the bosses can be defeated by throwing randomly appearing objects at them, 
although in this game they also take damage from fireballs. All of the bosses take 
8 hits to defeat, aside from Barnett who takes 12 hits. The ending shows a 
"cast of characters" for all of the enemies in the game, excluding the bosses, 
followed by a credits sequence.

 Credits
企画 (Planning)
JAZZ
DARK

程式 (Programming)
林翠娥 (Lin Cui E)

美工 (Art)
林文欽 (Lin Wen Qin)
魏宏亮 (Wei Hong Liang)
朱貞信 (Zhu Zhen Xin)

技術指導 (Technical Guidance)
洪吉民 (Hong Ji Min)
魏士傑 (Wei Shi Jie)

音楽 (Music)
廖漢明 (Liao Han Ming)

測試 (Test)
黄宝儀 (Huang Bao Yi)

揚忠溪 (Yang Zhong Xi)
林永章 (Lin Yong Zhang)
張家維 (Zhang Jia Wei)
方質銘 (Fang Zhi Ming)
許漢生 (Xu Han Sheng)
張葮菖 (Zhang Duan Chang)

監督 (Supervise)
揚國哲 (Yang Guo Zhe)
Trivia Edit

The names for the enemies in the ending are incorrect, with the first two being named Chip and Dale. This is most noticeable with the candle enemy, which according to the ending is called Dick and another enemy being called Candle.
In the credits, one person is listed as Jazz Dark while the rest of the names are in Chinese.
The continue screen depicts Chip and Dale tied up over a fire; continuing puts the fire out. Amusingly, Squirrel King implores the player to "CONTIUNE". 