Uwol - Quest For Money
The Mojon Twins/ Shiru

Port of a ZX Spectrum game by The Mojon Twins. Ported by Shiru, and Cartridge version released by 1985 alternativo. 


Introduction
The game designed to use with Sega Genesis/Mega Drive game console, or
software emulator of the console. To run the game on actual console you need a
Flash cartridge.

The game is not licensed or endorsed by SEGA® Corporation in any way. It is
free of charge, and provided "as is", without warranty or responsibility of any kind.
Uwol likes money. One day he heard of a cave full of gold coins. 
Althouth the cave was guarded by dangerous creatures, Uwol decided not to 
give up until he will get at least 255 coins.


How to play
Uwol can walk left or right, and jump by pressing a key (A, B, or C). If he leaves
the screen from the left or right side, he will appears on the another side. To
complete the level, you have to collect all the coins, avoiding touching any
enemies or falling to the pit. After all the coins are collected, two blocks with
arrows will appear on the floor. To leave the level, you should stand above the
block and press "down". This also choose which level will be next. If the time is
up while playing the level, the ghost will appear, chasing the Uwol.
After the first enemy touch Uwol loses his clothes, and special bonus to return
the clothes could appear somewhere. Without the clothes, touching an enemy
leads to losing life, and the level restarts. Falling to the pit also leads to losing
life. Additional life provided for 1000 and 2500 points.
The levels in the game are arranged as a pyramid. From the first room you can
proceed to either room of second floor of the pyramid, and from those rooms
you could go to one or two rooms on the third floor, and so on. If you have not
collected 255 coins after completion of ten rooms, you will be returned to the
first floor, and could choose other way through the pyramid, to collect more
coins. When you visit already completed room, there will be no coins or
enemies.


Credits
The original version of the game for ZX Spectrum was produced by Mojon Twins
in 2006-2009. Sega Genesis/Mega Drive version was made by Shiru in 2010.
Design: anjuel & na_th_an
Story: David Pimperl Marco
Code: na_th_an, Shiru
In-game graphics: anjuel, Shiru
Additional graphics: na_th_an, Shiru
Cover art: Ferrán Criado
Music: Augusto Ruiz, Shiru
Development tools: Augusto Ruiz, Shiru
Levels and support: Augusto Ruiz, anjuel, na_th_an, kendroock, daivod,
dadman, t.brazil, ivanZX, benway, sejuan, konamito,
danthalas, metalbrain, zemman, HardWareMan, Alone Coder
