Virtua Worm 2 - Genesis homebrew release
ComradeOj 
2018/10/09

A few years ago I came out with Virtua Worm, which was my own take on an old web game called Nibblet. 
Late last year, I started work on the sequel. I've been working off and on (mostly off!) but I'm finally done with it.

Virtua Worm 2 is more than just the old game with new levels. Virtua Worm 2 has slightly different gameplay rules 
than the first game. In this game, you must collect a set number of food rather than clearing the whole stage. 
After collecting a piece of food, another will spawn in a random location. The stage is finished after you 
collect a predetermined amount of food. In addition, you can collect a frenzy orb which increases you speed and spawns additional food.

There have been some improvements from the last game, notably:
Game now runs at correct speed on PAL consoles
Beep sound effect from food
New level transition effect
Some code optimization
Level data is more efficiently stored and is now 37.5% smaller.
Bug fixes

The biggest thing (in my opinion) is the stage creator with save backup. I learned some lessons from my old 
gravity pig level creator and hope this one works out better. You can play by the old rules or the new rules with custom created stages.

Using the stage creator:
The editor has two modes: SELECT MODE, and EDIT MODE. You switch between these modes by pressing START. 
This might be familiar to uses of old CLI text editors like vi.
In select mode, you choose which tile you want to lay down, and change the background music.
In edit mode, you lay down tiles, and delete tiles.

Controls:

Edit mode:
D-pad - move cursor within stage
A - Move cursor quickly when held (see extra notes)1
B - Place selected block to targeted area
C - Erase targeted block

Select mode:
D-pad - move cursor to select items (no need to press a button to select, just hover)
A - Same as edit mode
B - Save stage and continue editing
C - Save stage and play

When you're finished:
Press C while in select mode to play your stage. You will be asked to choose between the old Virtua Worm 1 rules or new 
Virtua Worm 2 rules.(see notes)2. You must also set your starting location. The stage will be saved to SRAM and the game
 will begin. Press START while playing to return to the editor.

Extra notes:
1. You can hold down A while placing or deleting tiles to quickly draw or erase large lines.
2. The goal with old rules is to collect all food in the stage without dying. Additional food will not spawn. 
New rules spawns a new food piece in a random location after each one is eaten, and the game runs until you die.
3. Music is changed by moving the cursor the green numbers below the tile selecton while in select mode.
4. Every wall tile blocks player movement all the same, large variety is only given for aesthetic reasons.
5. The green "X" tile is an invisible dead zone. This can be used prevent food from spawning in closed off spaces.

Admittedly, the editor pretty clunky. There are a lot of things I could improve on next time. It does work though, 
and stages can be made quickly once get used to switching between edit and select mode.


http://www.sega-16.com/forum/showthread.php?33795-Virtua-Worm-2-Genesis-homebrew-release
http://www.mode5.net