Wolfenstein 3D
gasega68k
2013 - 2017

Port of Wolfenstein 3D for PC. 

This is a demo of wolfenstein for sega genesis written in asm. 
Mostly is based on the source code of wolfenstein 3d for PC. 

The map is available by holding up on the d-pad, then pressing start. 

http://www.sega-16.com/forum/showthread.php?25663-wolfenstein-3d-demo-for-sega-genesis
http://atariage.com/forums/topic/262349-sega-genesishomebrew-port-wolfenstein-3d/


Gameplay
Wolfenstein 3D is a first-person shooter presented with rudimentary 3D graphics.
The game is broken up into levels, each of which is a flat plane divided into areas 
and rooms by a grid-based pattern of walls and doors, all of equal height.
Each level is themed after Nazi bunkers and buildings. To finish a level, the 
player must traverse through the area to reach an elevator.

Levels—ten in the original episodes—are grouped together into named episodes, 
with the final level focusing on a boss fight with a particularly difficult enemy.

While traversing the levels, the player must fight Nazi guards and soldiers, dogs, 
and other enemies while managing supplies of ammunition and health. The player can 
find weapons and ammunition placed in the levels or can collect them from dead 
enemies; weapons include a knife, a pistol, a submachine gun, and a rapid-fire 
chain gun.
While the levels are presented in a 3D perspective, the enemies and objects are 
instead 2D sprites presented from several set viewing angles, a technique 
sometimes referred to as 2.5D graphics.

The player's health is represented by a percentage starting at 100, which is 
diminished when they are shot or attacked by enemies.[5] If the player's 
health falls to zero, they lose one life and start the level over with a 
knife, a pistol, and eight bullets.[2] The player begins each episode with 
three lives and can gain more by finding extra-life tokens or by earning 
enough points. Points are scored by killing enemies or collecting treasures 
scattered throughout the levels.[5] Points can also be scored by killing all 
enemies in a level, collecting all treasure, finding all secret areas, or 
completing a level under a par time; the player's completion ratio and speed 
is displayed when a level is completed. Secret areas containing treasure, 
health refills, or ammunition can be found in hidden rooms revealed by 
activating certain wall tiles that slide back when triggered.

The original version of the game allows the player to save their progress 
at any point, though in many of its ports the player can only save between levels.