Zero Tolerance
1994
by Technopop and Accolade

Zero Tolerance is a first person shooter developed by Technopop and 
Accolade and published by Accolade for the Sega Mega Drive in 1994. 
It is notable for being one of the few first person shooters available 
for the system, a demanding genre seen by many to be outside the 
capabilities of the Mega Drive's hardware. 

Gameplay

Gameplay in Zero Tolerance is similar to other first person shooters of 
the era, with the player controlling one of several characters navigating 
map from a third-person perspective, shooting enemies while trying to find 
an exit. In terms of technology, Zero Tolerance lies somewhere between 
1992's Wolfenstein 3D and 1993's Doom - rooms two dimensional as the height
 never changes (although the player's height can change slightly), and maps
  are "boxy", with walls are rendered as textured, flat surfaces positioned 
  at 90 (or, unlike Wolfenstein 3D, 45 degree) angles.
Floors and ceilings are not textured, but primitive skyboxes are introduced 
and if the player shoots a wall, the texture will change to a "damaged" 
variant, in effect creating primitive interactive scenery. Enemies are 
rendered as sprites, and, also impressive for Mega Drive standards, are 
scaled in real-time. Shooting enemies will also create "gibs" similar to 
more modern shooters.

The consequence of all this is that the 3D view is constrained to a small 
portion of the screen, with the rest being taken by the game's HUD. The 
frame rate and draw distances are also lower than in both Wolfenstein 3D and Doom. 

Legacy
Zero Tolerance and its unfinished sequel, Beyond Zero Tolerance, 
were released by the developers as freeware. 

Production credits
Technopop, Inc.

    Producer: Randel Reiss
    Assistant Producer: Desmond Crisis
    Design: Thomas Gjørup
    Art Direction: Scott Haile
    Programming: Justin Wolf, Thomas Gjørup
    Lead Artwork: Sheryl Knowles
    Level Designs: Tony Ramos
    Music: Dezso Molnar
    SFX: Dezso Molnar
    Voice Over: Maya Daniels
    Conceptual Art: Curtis E. A. Karnow
    
    Additional Support: Lasse Faabeng, Satoe Ishii, Jo Ellen Reiss, Patrick McEnvoy, Paul Puey
    Special Thanks: Steven Ackrich, Nick Laveroff, David Bamberger, Kelly Flock

Accolade

    Producers: James Kucera, Troy Sheets
    Lead Tester: James A. Vitales
    Testers: Richard Gangwish, Alex V. Cabal, Ty Johnson, Randall Hauser, Seth Friedman, Daniel P. Dunn
    Marketing: Karen Safran, Megan Humpal, Larry Wiesler
    Executives: Alan Miller, John A. S. Skeel, Brenden Maloof, Jim Barnett, Peter Harris
    Art Director: Bob Busick
    Artists: Patricia Pearson, Craig Marshall, Dale Mauk, John Xu, Shawn Monroe, Scott Burroughs, Ken Capelli, Chris Peterson, Tom Denmark